# CS-255: System Requirements and Business Design

DriverPass (Our client) tasked our development team to construct a course scheduling system to help newcomers overcome their driving difficulties. The system will be called "DriverPass", and contain three separate learning packages that users will choose from. I believe that I described the "Credentials Validation" feature particularily well, as I tried to highlight the most intricate components so that users have a detailed idea of this specific feature's functionality. I would revise my UML Class Diagram as I feel like this system would benefit from more Classes and Methods that would improve, or ease, this system. The best way to interpret user's needs and implement them onto the finished product is by simply compare our acquired user stories with existing similar systems. After this strategy, analyze the potential technical and general problems the user stories are trying to solve and build the new system around those problems. If user stories and needs are not considered, the development could build a system blindly, meaning that with no specification comes assumption, misinterpretation, and overlooked requirements. To design software like this one, the best strategies are to analyze user needs, compare your design plan with existing systems, and code as quickly as possible. For future design analyzation, its best to approach it with an user mindset. This ensures that system requirements and functionality are met, as well as solving the potential problems an user can encounter in the system.
